README.md, before:

# Weather Application - React / Redux 

This repository contains all the files for the Capstone project of the [Udacity - Senior Web Developer Nanodegree - By Google](https://www.udacity.com/course/senior-web-developer-nanodegree-by-google--nd802) course with [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/). 

## Project Criteria
This application must meet the following criteria:

### Responsive
App is equally functional on mobile and dektop.

### Inputs
All form inputs have appropriate types, lables, plaholders

### Offline functionality
Implement Offline Functionality

### Accessibility
All images have alternative text, focus is appropriately managed, elements are semantically used appropriately.

### Components
If components are used, they are self-contained units of functionality and declaratively configurable.

### Home Screen Installable
The application is installable to user’s home screen.

### Native Features
Application uses native features, like push notifications, Bluetooth, geolocation, as appropriate for the application.

## Demo
[To view the application live click here] (http://onlinedevelopers.ca/udacity/weather-app/)

###Desktop
![desktop image - main](https://onlinedevelopers.ca/udacity/restaurant-reviewer/img/read-me/Udacity-project-3-demo-1.jpg)

###Mobile
![mobile image - main](https://onlinedevelopers.ca/udacity/restaurant-reviewer/img/read-me/Udacity-project-3-demo-3.jpg)

To download, please follow the instructions below.

## Installation

Clone the repository from: 
```
$ git clone https://github.com/escobard/udacity-srwebdev-project3-restaurant.git
```

Install NPM dependencies:
```
$ npm install
```

## Web Pack Commands

To run this application locally use the following commands:

```
$ npm start
```

To publish, minimize, and compile components for production use:

```
$ npm build
```

## To Do's
- Give app offline functionality again (SSL enabled).
- Add marker to maps
- Revise mobile dimensions
- Add validation to search form
- Revise screen reader and keyboard-only accessibility 

## Libraries, Frameworks, APIs

[React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)

[Redux] (http://redux.js.org/docs/introduction/)

[ReduxSimpleStarter] (https://github.com/StephenGrider/ReduxSimpleStarter)

[Material Design for Bootstrap] (https://mdbootstrap.com/material-design-for-bootstrap/)

[FLATICON - for the favicon] (http://www.flaticon.com/)

[OpenWeatherMap] (https://openweathermap.org/)

[Google Maps] (https://www.google.ca/maps)

[Geolocation] (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Geolocation/Using_geolocation)

##  Tutorials

[Udemy - Modern React with Redux] (https://www.udemy.com/react-redux/)

[Udacity - Senior Web Developer Nanodegree] (https://www.udacity.com/course/senior-web-developer-nanodegree-by-google--nd802)

## Contribution

Feel free to contribute to this repository. All files in this repository are protected under the MIT license, but feel free to contribute, fork, star, or share this application as you see fit.

For commercial or educational use, please paste a link to this repository to give proper credit.

## License
As of October 31st, 2016, these files are open for all to use and contribute to. This repository is protected under the [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).

Commit message:

type: feat
geocode api integrated into application

README.md, after:

# Weather Application - React / Redux 

This repository contains all the files for the Capstone project of the [Udacity - Senior Web Developer Nanodegree - By Google](https://www.udacity.com/course/senior-web-developer-nanodegree-by-google--nd802) course with [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/). 

## Project Criteria
This application must meet the following criteria:

### Responsive
App is equally functional on mobile and dektop.

### Inputs
All form inputs have appropriate types, lables, plaholders

### Offline functionality
Implement Offline Functionality

### Accessibility
All images have alternative text, focus is appropriately managed, elements are semantically used appropriately.

### Components
If components are used, they are self-contained units of functionality and declaratively configurable.

### Home Screen Installable
The application is installable to user’s home screen.

### Native Features
Application uses native features, like push notifications, Bluetooth, geolocation, as appropriate for the application.

## Demo
[To view the application live click here] (http://onlinedevelopers.ca/udacity/weather-app/)

###Desktop
![desktop image - main](https://onlinedevelopers.ca/udacity/restaurant-reviewer/img/read-me/Udacity-project-3-demo-1.jpg)

###Mobile
![mobile image - main](https://onlinedevelopers.ca/udacity/restaurant-reviewer/img/read-me/Udacity-project-3-demo-3.jpg)

To download, please follow the instructions below.

## Installation

Clone the repository from: 
```
$ git clone https://github.com/escobard/udacity-srwebdev-project3-restaurant.git
```

Install NPM dependencies:
```
$ npm install
```

## Web Pack Commands

To run this application locally use the following commands:

```
$ npm start
```

To publish, minimize, and compile components for production use:

```
$ npm build
```

## Most Recent Update - v0.96
- prototype to change weather application to allow SSL ajax requests.
- prototype to change application to work on an apache http server.
- prototype to update public process, will add gulp to application

## To Do's
- Add marker to maps
- Revise mobile dimensions
- Add validation to search form
- Revise screen reader and keyboard-only accessibility 
- Refactor code to improve reusability
- Push all ajax requested data into indexDB for offline usability

## Libraries, Frameworks, APIs

[React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)

[Redux] (http://redux.js.org/docs/introduction/)

[ReduxSimpleStarter] (https://github.com/StephenGrider/ReduxSimpleStarter)

[Material Design for Bootstrap] (https://mdbootstrap.com/material-design-for-bootstrap/)

[FLATICON - for the favicon] (http://www.flaticon.com/)

[OpenWeatherMap] (https://openweathermap.org/)

[Google Maps] (https://www.google.ca/maps)

[Geolocation] (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Geolocation/Using_geolocation)

##  Tutorials

[Udemy - Modern React with Redux] (https://www.udemy.com/react-redux/)

[Udacity - Senior Web Developer Nanodegree] (https://www.udacity.com/course/senior-web-developer-nanodegree-by-google--nd802)

## Contribution

Feel free to contribute to this repository. All files in this repository are protected under the MIT license, but feel free to contribute, fork, star, or share this application as you see fit.

For commercial or educational use, please paste a link to this repository to give proper credit.

## License
As of October 31st, 2016, these files are open for all to use and contribute to. This repository is protected under the [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).
